README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/apexcharts-logo.png"></p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/apexcharts/apexcharts.js/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.com/apexcharts/apexcharts.js"><img src="https://api.travis-ci.com/apexcharts/apexcharts.js.svg?branch=master" alt="build" /></a>
  <img alt="downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/apexcharts.svg"/>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/apexcharts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/apexcharts.svg" alt="ver"></a>
  <img alt="size" src="https://badgen.net/bundlephobia/min/apexcharts?label=size">
  <a href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/apexcharts@3.12.0/types/apexcharts.d.ts"><img src="https://badgen.net/npm/types/apexcharts"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square" alt="prettier"></a>
  <a href="https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/apexcharts"><img src="https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/apexcharts/badge" alt="jsdelivr" /></a>
  <a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/apexcharts/apexcharts.js"><img src="https://badgen.net/codeclimate/maintainability/apexcharts/apexcharts.js" /></a>
  <img src="https://badgen.net/codeclimate/tech-debt/apexcharts/apexcharts.js"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Create%20visualizations%20with%20this%20free%20and%20open-source%20JavaScript%20Chart%20library&url=https://www.apexcharts.com&hashtags=javascript,charts,visualizations,developers,apexcharts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social"> </a>
</p>

<p align="center">A modern JavaScript charting library to build interactive charts and visualizations with simple API.</p>

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/"><img
      src="https://apexcharts.com/media/apexcharts-banner.png"></a></p>

<p align="center"><br /><b>Our Partner</b> <br /><br />
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=logo&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=homepage">
    <img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/logo-fusioncharts.svg" />
  </a> <br /><br />
  ApexCharts is now a partner of <a href="https://github.com/fusioncharts">FusionCharts</a> to bring a wider range of data visualization components. <br />
  They offer data driven maps, gauges, widgets, advanced timeseries charts and much more.<br /><br />
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/charts?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=fusionmaps#fusionmaps">
    <img width="185" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/fusioncharts-intro-banner01.png" />
  </a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/charts/gauges?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=gauges">
    <img width="185" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/fusioncharts-intro-banner02.png" />
  </a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusiontime/examples/plotting-multiple-series-on-time-axis?framework=javascript&utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=timeseries">
    <img width="185" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/fusioncharts-intro-banner03.png" />
  </a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/dashboards?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=dashboards">
    <img width="185" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/fusioncharts-intro-banner04.png" />
  </a>
   <br />
</p> <br />

## Browsers support

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/firefox/firefox_48x48.png" alt="Firefox" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Firefox | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/chrome/chrome_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Chrome | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/safari/safari_48x48.png" alt="Safari" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Safari | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/edge/edge_48x48.png" alt="Edge" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/> Edge | [<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/Internet_Explorer_9_icon.svg" alt="IE" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/> IE11 |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 31+ ✔                                                                                                                                                                                                             | 35+ ✔                                                                                                                                                                                                         | 6+ ✔                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Edge ✔                                                                                                                                                                                                 | [(IE11)](#using-it-with-ie11) ✔                                                                                                                                                                  |

## Download and Installation

##### Installing via npm

```bash
npm install apexcharts --save
```

##### Direct &lt;script&gt; include

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/apexcharts"></script>
```

## Wrappers for Vue/React/Angular

Integrate easily with 3rd party frameworks

- [vue-apexcharts](https://github.com/apexcharts/vue-apexcharts)
- [react-apexcharts](https://github.com/apexcharts/react-apexcharts)
- [ng-apexcharts](https://github.com/apexcharts/ng-apexcharts) - Plugin by [Morris Janatzek](https://morrisj.net/)

### Unofficial Wrappers

Useful links to wrappers other than the popular frameworks mentioned above

- [stencil-apexcharts](https://github.com/mikaelkaron/stencil-apexcharts) - Stencil Component for ApexCharts
- [apexcharter](https://github.com/dreamRs/apexcharter) - Htmlwidget for ApexCharts
- [apexcharts.rb](https://github.com/styd/apexcharts.rb) - Ruby wrapper for ApexCharts

## Usage

```js
import ApexCharts from 'apexcharts'
```

To create a basic bar chart with minimal configuration, write as follows:

```js
var options = {
  chart: {
    type: 'bar'
  },
  series: [
    {
      name: 'sales',
      data: [30, 40, 35, 50, 49, 60, 70, 91, 125]
    }
  ],
  xaxis: {
    categories: [1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999]
  }
}

var chart = new ApexCharts(document.querySelector('#chart'), options)
chart.render()
```

This will render the following chart

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/column-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/first-bar-chart.svg"></a></p>

### A little more than the basic

You can create a combination of different charts, sync them and give your desired look with unlimited possibilities.
Below is an example of synchronized charts with github style.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/area-charts/github-style/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/github-charts.gif"></a></p>

## Interactivity

Zoom, Pan, Scroll through data. Make selections and load other charts using those selections.
An example showing some interactivity

<p align="center"><a href="https://codepen.io/apexcharts/pen/QrbEQg" target="_blank"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/interactivity.gif" alt="interactive chart"></a></p>

## Dynamic Series Update

Another approach to Drill down charts where one selection updates the data of other charts.
An example of loading dynamic series into charts is shown below

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/column-charts/dynamic-loaded-chart/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/dynamic-selection.gif" alt="dynamic-loading-chart" /></a></p>

## Annotations

Annotations allows you to write custom text on specific values or on axes values. Valuable to expand the visual appeal of your chart and make it more informative.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/docs/annotations/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/annotations.png" alt="annotations" /></a></p>

## Mixed Charts

You can combine more than one chart type to create a combo/mixed chart. Possible combinations can be line/area/column together in a single chart. Each chart-type can have it's own y-axis.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/mixed-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/line-column-area-mixed-chart.svg" alt="annotations" width="490" /></a></p>

## Candlestick

Use a candlestick chart (a common financial chart) to describe price changes of a security, derivative, or currency. Below image show how you can use another chart as a brush/preview-pane which acts as a handle to browse the main candlestick chart.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/candlestick-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/candlestick.png" alt="candlestick" width="490" /></a></p>

## Heatmaps

Use Heatmaps to represent data through colors and shades. Frequently used with bigger data collections, they are valuable for recognizing patterns and area of focus.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/heatmap-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/heatmap-charts.png" alt="heatmap" /></a></p>

## Gauges

The tiny gauges are an important part of a dashboard and are useful in displaying single series data. A demo of these gauges:

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/radialbar-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/radialbars-gauges.png" width="490" alt="radialbar-chart" /></a></p>

## Sparklines

Utilize sparklines to indicate trends in data, for example, occasional increments or declines, monetary cycles, or to feature most extreme and least values:

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/sparklines/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/sparklines.png" alt="sparkline-chart" /></a></p>

## More advanced chart types from our friends at FusionCharts <img align="center" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/sponsored.png?v=1.2.1"/>

Thanks to our friends at FusionCharts, you now have a better data experience of your <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusiontime/examples?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=ft-examples">time-series</a> data with features like visual time navigator, annotations with the date and event markers, multi-variate analysis, and real-time support.

<p align="center"><a href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusiontime/examples?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=ft-examples"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/time-series.png" alt="time-series" /></a></p>

## Export full dashboards <img align="center" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/sponsored.png?v=1.2.1"/>

Want to export your dashboards to PDF, send them via email or simply export a chart on the server-side? You can do these and more with <a href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusionexport?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=fusionexport">FusionExport</a>, a new product from our friends at FusionCharts.

<p align="center"><a href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusionexport?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=fusionexport"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/wp-content/themes/apexcharts/img/fc/fusionexports.svg" alt="fusionexport" /></a></p>

## What's included

The download bundle includes the following files and directories providing a minified single file in the dist folder. Every asset including icon/css is bundled in the js itself to avoid loading multiple files.

```
apexcharts/
├── dist/
│   └── apexcharts.min.js
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   ├── charts/
│   ├── modules/
│   ├── utils/
│   └── apexcharts.js
└── samples/
```

## Using it with IE11

If you need to make it work with IE11, you need to include these polyfills before including ApexCharts

- [promise-polyfill](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/promise-polyfill@8/dist/polyfill.min.js)
- [classlist.js](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/eligrey-classlist-js-polyfill)
- [findIndex](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/findindex_polyfill_mdn) - You will need this only if you require timeline/rangebar charts

## Development

#### Install dependencies and run project

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

This will start the webpack watch and any changes you make to `src` folder will auto-compile and output will be produced in the `dist` folder.

#### Minifying the src

```bash
npm run build
```

## Where do I go next?

Head over to the <a href="https://apexcharts.com/docs/">documentation</a> section to read more about how to use different kinds of charts and explore all options.

## Contacts

Email: <a href="info@apexcharts.com">info@apexcharts.com</a>

Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/apexcharts">@apexcharts</a>

Facebook: <a href="https://facebook.com/apexcharts">fb.com/apexcharts</a>

## Dependency

ApexCharts uses <a href="http://svgjs.com/" target="_blank">SVG.js</a> for drawing shapes, animations, applying svg filters and a lot more under the hood. The library is bundled in the final build file, so you don't need to include it.

## Supporting ApexCharts

ApexCharts is an open source project. Financial contributions to ApexCharts go towards ongoing development costs, servers, etc. You can help by becoming a supporter on <a href="https://patreon.com/junedchhipa">Patreon</a> or doing a one time donation on <a href="https://paypal.me/junedchhipa">PayPal</a> <br />

## Our Partners

<p>
<a href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=logo&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=homepage">
    <img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/logo-fusioncharts.svg">
</a> <br/>
</p>
While ApexCharts brings you the goodness of open-source charts, FusionCharts offers additional visualizations for your dashboards. With extensive documentation, consistent API, and cross-browser support, FusionCharts is loved by 28,000+ customers and 750,000+ developers across the globe.

## License

ApexCharts is released under MIT license. You are free to use, modify and distribute this software, as long as the copyright header is left intact.

Commit message:

partially support png download in ie11
The download does not contain a legend as canvg does not support
foreignObject.

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/apexcharts-logo.png"></p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/apexcharts/apexcharts.js/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg" alt="License"></a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.com/apexcharts/apexcharts.js"><img src="https://api.travis-ci.com/apexcharts/apexcharts.js.svg?branch=master" alt="build" /></a>
  <img alt="downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/apexcharts.svg"/>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/apexcharts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/apexcharts.svg" alt="ver"></a>
  <img alt="size" src="https://badgen.net/bundlephobia/min/apexcharts?label=size">
  <a href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/apexcharts@3.12.0/types/apexcharts.d.ts"><img src="https://badgen.net/npm/types/apexcharts"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/prettier/prettier"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square" alt="prettier"></a>
  <a href="https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/apexcharts"><img src="https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/apexcharts/badge" alt="jsdelivr" /></a>
  <a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/apexcharts/apexcharts.js"><img src="https://badgen.net/codeclimate/maintainability/apexcharts/apexcharts.js" /></a>
  <img src="https://badgen.net/codeclimate/tech-debt/apexcharts/apexcharts.js"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Create%20visualizations%20with%20this%20free%20and%20open-source%20JavaScript%20Chart%20library&url=https://www.apexcharts.com&hashtags=javascript,charts,visualizations,developers,apexcharts"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social"> </a>
</p>

<p align="center">A modern JavaScript charting library to build interactive charts and visualizations with simple API.</p>

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/"><img
      src="https://apexcharts.com/media/apexcharts-banner.png"></a></p>

<p align="center"><br /><b>Our Partner</b> <br /><br />
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=logo&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=homepage">
    <img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/logo-fusioncharts.svg" />
  </a> <br /><br />
  ApexCharts is now a partner of <a href="https://github.com/fusioncharts">FusionCharts</a> to bring a wider range of data visualization components. <br />
  They offer data driven maps, gauges, widgets, advanced timeseries charts and much more.<br /><br />
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/charts?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=fusionmaps#fusionmaps">
    <img width="185" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/fusioncharts-intro-banner01.png" />
  </a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/charts/gauges?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=gauges">
    <img width="185" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/fusioncharts-intro-banner02.png" />
  </a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusiontime/examples/plotting-multiple-series-on-time-axis?framework=javascript&utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=timeseries">
    <img width="185" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/fusioncharts-intro-banner03.png" />
  </a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/dashboards?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=dashboards">
    <img width="185" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/fusioncharts-intro-banner04.png" />
  </a>
   <br />
</p> <br />

## Browsers support

| [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/firefox/firefox_48x48.png" alt="Firefox" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Firefox | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/chrome/chrome_48x48.png" alt="Chrome" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Chrome | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/safari/safari_48x48.png" alt="Safari" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/>Safari | [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/src/edge/edge_48x48.png" alt="Edge" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/> Edge | [<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/Internet_Explorer_9_icon.svg" alt="IE" width="24px" height="24px" />](http://godban.github.io/browsers-support-badges/)<br/> IE11 |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 31+ ✔                                                                                                                                                                                                             | 35+ ✔                                                                                                                                                                                                         | 6+ ✔                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Edge ✔                                                                                                                                                                                                 | [(IE11)](#using-it-with-ie11) ✔                                                                                                                                                                  |

## Download and Installation

##### Installing via npm

```bash
npm install apexcharts --save
```

##### Direct &lt;script&gt; include

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/apexcharts"></script>
```

## Wrappers for Vue/React/Angular

Integrate easily with 3rd party frameworks

- [vue-apexcharts](https://github.com/apexcharts/vue-apexcharts)
- [react-apexcharts](https://github.com/apexcharts/react-apexcharts)
- [ng-apexcharts](https://github.com/apexcharts/ng-apexcharts) - Plugin by [Morris Janatzek](https://morrisj.net/)

### Unofficial Wrappers

Useful links to wrappers other than the popular frameworks mentioned above

- [stencil-apexcharts](https://github.com/mikaelkaron/stencil-apexcharts) - Stencil Component for ApexCharts
- [apexcharter](https://github.com/dreamRs/apexcharter) - Htmlwidget for ApexCharts
- [apexcharts.rb](https://github.com/styd/apexcharts.rb) - Ruby wrapper for ApexCharts

## Usage

```js
import ApexCharts from 'apexcharts'
```

To create a basic bar chart with minimal configuration, write as follows:

```js
var options = {
  chart: {
    type: 'bar'
  },
  series: [
    {
      name: 'sales',
      data: [30, 40, 35, 50, 49, 60, 70, 91, 125]
    }
  ],
  xaxis: {
    categories: [1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999]
  }
}

var chart = new ApexCharts(document.querySelector('#chart'), options)
chart.render()
```

This will render the following chart

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/column-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/first-bar-chart.svg"></a></p>

### A little more than the basic

You can create a combination of different charts, sync them and give your desired look with unlimited possibilities.
Below is an example of synchronized charts with github style.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/area-charts/github-style/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/github-charts.gif"></a></p>

## Interactivity

Zoom, Pan, Scroll through data. Make selections and load other charts using those selections.
An example showing some interactivity

<p align="center"><a href="https://codepen.io/apexcharts/pen/QrbEQg" target="_blank"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/interactivity.gif" alt="interactive chart"></a></p>

## Dynamic Series Update

Another approach to Drill down charts where one selection updates the data of other charts.
An example of loading dynamic series into charts is shown below

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/column-charts/dynamic-loaded-chart/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/dynamic-selection.gif" alt="dynamic-loading-chart" /></a></p>

## Annotations

Annotations allows you to write custom text on specific values or on axes values. Valuable to expand the visual appeal of your chart and make it more informative.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/docs/annotations/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/annotations.png" alt="annotations" /></a></p>

## Mixed Charts

You can combine more than one chart type to create a combo/mixed chart. Possible combinations can be line/area/column together in a single chart. Each chart-type can have it's own y-axis.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/mixed-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/line-column-area-mixed-chart.svg" alt="annotations" width="490" /></a></p>

## Candlestick

Use a candlestick chart (a common financial chart) to describe price changes of a security, derivative, or currency. Below image show how you can use another chart as a brush/preview-pane which acts as a handle to browse the main candlestick chart.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/candlestick-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/candlestick.png" alt="candlestick" width="490" /></a></p>

## Heatmaps

Use Heatmaps to represent data through colors and shades. Frequently used with bigger data collections, they are valuable for recognizing patterns and area of focus.

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/heatmap-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/heatmap-charts.png" alt="heatmap" /></a></p>

## Gauges

The tiny gauges are an important part of a dashboard and are useful in displaying single series data. A demo of these gauges:

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/radialbar-charts/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/radialbars-gauges.png" width="490" alt="radialbar-chart" /></a></p>

## Sparklines

Utilize sparklines to indicate trends in data, for example, occasional increments or declines, monetary cycles, or to feature most extreme and least values:

<p align="center"><a href="https://apexcharts.com/javascript-chart-demos/sparklines/"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/sparklines.png" alt="sparkline-chart" /></a></p>

## More advanced chart types from our friends at FusionCharts <img align="center" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/sponsored.png?v=1.2.1"/>

Thanks to our friends at FusionCharts, you now have a better data experience of your <a target="_blank" href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusiontime/examples?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=ft-examples">time-series</a> data with features like visual time navigator, annotations with the date and event markers, multi-variate analysis, and real-time support.

<p align="center"><a href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusiontime/examples?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=ft-examples"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/time-series.png" alt="time-series" /></a></p>

## Export full dashboards <img align="center" src="https://apexcharts.com/media/fc/sponsored.png?v=1.2.1"/>

Want to export your dashboards to PDF, send them via email or simply export a chart on the server-side? You can do these and more with <a href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusionexport?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=fusionexport">FusionExport</a>, a new product from our friends at FusionCharts.

<p align="center"><a href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/fusionexport?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=fusionexport"><img src="https://apexcharts.com/wp-content/themes/apexcharts/img/fc/fusionexports.svg" alt="fusionexport" /></a></p>

## What's included

The download bundle includes the following files and directories providing a minified single file in the dist folder. Every asset including icon/css is bundled in the js itself to avoid loading multiple files.

```
apexcharts/
├── dist/
│   └── apexcharts.min.js
├── src/
│   ├── assets/
│   ├── charts/
│   ├── modules/
│   ├── utils/
│   └── apexcharts.js
└── samples/
```

## Using it with IE11

If you need to make it work with IE11, you need to include these polyfills before including ApexCharts

- [promise-polyfill](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/promise-polyfill@8/dist/polyfill.min.js)
- [classlist.js](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/eligrey-classlist-js-polyfill)
- [findIndex](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/findindex_polyfill_mdn) - You will need this only if you require timeline/rangebar charts
- [canvg](https://unpkg.com/canvg@3.0.4/lib/umd.js) - You will need this only if you require PNG download of your charts

## Development

#### Install dependencies and run project

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

This will start the webpack watch and any changes you make to `src` folder will auto-compile and output will be produced in the `dist` folder.

#### Minifying the src

```bash
npm run build
```

## Where do I go next?

Head over to the <a href="https://apexcharts.com/docs/">documentation</a> section to read more about how to use different kinds of charts and explore all options.

## Contacts

Email: <a href="info@apexcharts.com">info@apexcharts.com</a>

Twitter: <a href="https://twitter.com/apexcharts">@apexcharts</a>

Facebook: <a href="https://facebook.com/apexcharts">fb.com/apexcharts</a>

## Dependency

ApexCharts uses <a href="http://svgjs.com/" target="_blank">SVG.js</a> for drawing shapes, animations, applying svg filters and a lot more under the hood. The library is bundled in the final build file, so you don't need to include it.

## Supporting ApexCharts

ApexCharts is an open source project. Financial contributions to ApexCharts go towards ongoing development costs, servers, etc. You can help by becoming a supporter on <a href="https://patreon.com/junedchhipa">Patreon</a> or doing a one time donation on <a href="https://paypal.me/junedchhipa">PayPal</a> <br />

## Our Partners

<p>
<a href="https://www.fusioncharts.com/?utm_source=ac.github%2Fnpm&utm_medium=logo&utm_campaign=apexcharts&utm_content=homepage">
    <img src="https://apexcharts.com/media/logo-fusioncharts.svg">
</a> <br/>
</p>
While ApexCharts brings you the goodness of open-source charts, FusionCharts offers additional visualizations for your dashboards. With extensive documentation, consistent API, and cross-browser support, FusionCharts is loved by 28,000+ customers and 750,000+ developers across the globe.

## License

ApexCharts is released under MIT license. You are free to use, modify and distribute this software, as long as the copyright header is left intact.
